README.md, before:

# Leapfrog

This is the artifact accompanying the paper "Leapfrog: Certified Equivalence for Protocol Parsers", to appear at [PLDI 2022](https://pldi22.sigplan.org/).

## Hardware requirements

To build Leapfrog and run the benchmarks in the "small" collection, 8GB of RAM is sufficient. The larger benchmarks may require significantly more RAM -- we conducted experiments on a machine with 500GB of RAM. 

## Installation instructions

There are two ways to get Leapfrog running.

### Option 1: Installation inside Docker

The easiest way to run Leapfrog is to run it inside the provided Docker container. To do this, you will need Docker version 20.10.12 or newer, which should be available through your system's package manager.

If you are running Docker on Linux, we recommend running in [root-less mode](https://docs.docker.com/engine/security/rootless/). Alternatively, you may add your user to the `docker` group in order to get access to the Docker daemon, but please be aware of the following:
1. Adding yourself to the `docker` group exposes you to certain security risks --- i.e., anyone in the `docker` group is essentially a password-less `root` user.
2. The container will mount the local directory. Since the user inside of the container is `root`, this may create `root`-owned files in your local directory as well.

Once you have Docker set up, type `make container`. When the container is built, you should be able to run `make shell` to start a shell inside the container, where you can run `make` to build Leapfrog.

### Option 2: Manual installation
Leapfrog relies on the following packages:

* GNU Make, version 4.3 or later
* CVC4, version 1.8 or later
* Z3, version 4.8.14 or later
* Dune, version 2.2 or later.
* OCaml, version 4.11.1 or later
* OPAM, version 2.0.8 or later.
* Coq, version 8.13.2
* Equations (Coq plugin), version 1.3~beta1+8.13
* [MirrorSolve](https://github.com/jsarracino/mirrorsolve) (Coq plugin), tag `pldi22-artifact` 

#### System-level software packages

To install Make, CVC4, Z3, Dune and OPAM on Ubuntu, run the following:

```
sudo apt install build-essential cvc4 z3 dune opam ocaml
```

#### Packages installed through OPAM

To install Coq and Equations through OPAM, first create a new switch --- possibly substituting your version of the OCaml compiler:

```
opam switch create leapfrog ocaml-system.4.11.1
```

Next, add the Coq OPAM repository:

```
opam repo add coq-released https://coq.inria.fr/opam/released
```

Finally, update the OPAM state, and install the required versions of Coq and Equations:

```
opam update
opam install coq=8.13.2 coq-equations=1.3~beta1+8.13
```

#### Installing MirrorSolve

The MirrorSolve source code can be obtained using Git, as follows:

```
git clone https://github.com/jsarracino/mirrorsolve -b pldi22-artifact
```

To build and install the plugin, run the following inside the `mirrorsolve` directory:

```
dune build
dune install
```

#### Building Leapfrog

Finally, you can build Leapfrog by running `make` inside the main source directory.

## Benchmarks

Leapfrog comes with several benchmarks, divided into "small" and "large" based on the resources required to run them (see "Hardware Requirements" above). They are all located under `lib/Benchmarks`. Each of these is divided into a file containing the declaration of the P4 automata (e.g., `SmallFilter.v`) and a file invoking the Leapfrog equivalence checking scripts (e.g., `SmallFilterProof.v`). 

### Files for each benchmark

The mapping between the benchmarks in the paper (Table 2) and the development is as follows.

| Paper name              | Automaton definition                                | Proof file                                             |
|-------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------|
| State Rearrangement     | `Ethernet.v`                                        | `EthernetProof.v`                                      |
| Header initialization   | `SelfComparison.v`                                  | `SelfComparisonProof.v`                                |
| Speculative loop        | `MPLSVectorized.v`                                  | `MPLSVectorizedProof.v`                                |
| Relational verification | `SloppyStrict.v`                                    | `SloppyStrictProof.v` (`prebisim_sloppystrict_stores`) |
| External filtering      | `SloppyStrict.v`                                    | `SloppySTrictProof.v` (`prebisim_sloppystrict`)        |
| Variable-length parsing | `IPOptions3.v` (`IPOptionsRef63`,`TimeStampSpec3`)  | `IPOptions3Proof.v`                                    |
| Edge                    | `Edge.v`                                            | `EdgeSelfProof.v`                                      |
| Service Provider        | `ServiceProvider.v`                                 | `ServiceProviderTransProof.v`                          |
| Datacenter              | `DataCenter.v`                                      | `DataCenterSelfProof.v`                                |
| Enterprise              | `Enterprise.v`                                      | `EnterpriseSelfProof.v`                                |
| Translation Validation  | `Edge.v`                                            | `EdgeTransProof.v`                                     |

Of these, the first half ("State Rearrangement" through "External Filtering") are classified as "small" benchmarks, while the rest are "large".

### Running the benchmark script

We have provided a benchmark script in the `benchmarking` folder at the top level. To bootstrap the environment, enter the directory and run

```
pipenv install
pipenv shell
```

This should drop you in a shell that has all the required Python packages. To run the "small" (respectively "large") suite of benchmarks, invoke

```
python runner.py --size small  # respectively large
```

This should output the logs of the benchmarks, including performance statistics, into `benchmarking/logs`.

### Running the benchmarks interactively

## Code overview

The code of Leapfrog itself lives under `lib/`. What folows is an extensive but perhaps not exhaustive overview of the development in relation to the concepts from the paper.

### Syntax and semantics

Concepts from the parser language syntax and semantics described in Section 3 map to Coq definitions as follows:

| Concept                           | Coq definition              | Filename        |
|-----------------------------------|-----------------------------|-----------------|
| Expression syntax (Fig. 2)        | `expr`                      | `Syntax.v`      |
| Operation syntax (Fig. 2)         | `op`                        | `Syntax.v`      |
| Pattern syntax (Fig. 2)           | `pat`                       | `Syntax.v`      |
| Transition syntax (Fig. 2)        | `transition`                | `Syntax.v`      |
| State syntax (Fig. 2)             | `state`                     | `Syntax.v`      |
| P4 automata syntax (Fig. 2)       | `t`                         | `Syntax.v`      |
| Expression semantics (Def. 3.1)   | `eval_expr`                 | `Syntax.v`      |
| Operation size (Def. 3.2)         | `op_size`                   | `Syntax.v`      |
| Operation semantics (Def. 3.2)    | `eval_op`                   | `Syntax.v`      |
| Pattern semantics (Def. 3.3)      | `match_pat`                 | `Syntax.v`      |
| Transition semantics (Def. 3.3)   | `eval_trans` and `eval_sel` | `Syntax.v`      |
| Configurations (Def. 3.4)         | `configuration`             | `P4automaton.v` |
| Configuration dynamics (Def. 3.5) | `step`                      | `P4automaton.v` |
| Multi-step dynamics (Def. 3.6)    | `follow`                    | `P4automaton.v` |
| Language (Def. 3.6)               | `accepted`                  | `P4automaton.v` |

### Symbolic relations and weakest preconditions

These are the formalizations of the symbolic relations on configurations, and the weakest precondition calculations on them. 

Some concepts, for the sake of brevity:
* A "template-guarded formula" (TGF) is a formula of the form defined in Def. 4.7;
* A "template-guarded clause" (TGC) is understood to be a conjunction of TGFs (denoted `/\ R` in the paper);
* A "template-guarded entailment" (TPE) is an entailment between a TGC and a TGF (denoted `/\ R |= phi`)
* A "template-guarded co-entailment" (TPCE) is an entailment between a TGF and a TGC (denoted `phi |= /\ R`)

All of these are instantiations of the more general syntax for formulas in Figure 3, and derive their semantics as in the general semantics of this syntax.

| Concept                                 | Coq definition       | Filename     |
|-----------------------------------------|----------------------|--------------|
| Bitvector expr. syntax (Figure 3)       | `bit_expr`           | `ConfRel.v`  |
| Bitvector expr. semantics (Def. 4.3)    | `interp_bit_expr`    | `ConfRel.v`  |
| Template syntax (Definition 4.7)        | `state_template`     | `ConfRel.v`  |
| Pure formula syntax (Def. 4.7, Fig. 3)  | `store_rel`          | `ConfRel.v`  |
| Pure formula semantics (Def. 4.3)       | `interp_store_rel`   | `ConfRel.v`  |
| TGF syntax (Def 4.7)                    | `conf_rel`           | `ConfRel.v`  |
| TGF semantics (Def 4.3)                 | `interp_conf_rel`    | `ConfRel.v`  |
| TGC syntax                              | `crel`               | `ConfRel.v`  |
| TGC semantics (Def 4.3)                 | `interp_crel`        | `ConfRel.v`  |
| TGE syntax                              | `entailment`         | `ConfRel.v`  |
| TGE semantics (Def 4.3)                 | `interp_entailment`  | `ConfRel.v`  |
| TGCE syntax                             | `entailment'`        | `ConfRel.v`  |
| TGCE semantics (Def 4.3)                | `interp_entailment'` | `ConfRel.v`  |
| WP^{<,>} definition (Sec. 4.3)          | `wp_lpred`           | `WP.v`       |
| WP^{<,>} soundness (Lem. 4.8)           | `wp_lpred_pair_safe` | `WPProofs.v` |
| WP definition (Lem. 4.9)                | `wp`                 | `WP.v`       |
| WP soundness (Lem. 4.9)                 | `wp_safe`            | `WPProofs.v` |

Note that our verified statements about the WP operator pertain to its _soundness_, i.e., whether the returned condition truly is a precondition, not its _completeness_, i.e., whether it gives the weakest precondition --- see also Section 6.4 of the paper.

### Formula compilation pipeline

Our algorithm lowers the symbolic relations represented using `conf_rel`:
* First, a compilation to "simplified TGE/TGCE", also called SGTE/STCGE;
* Then, a compilation to a first-order logic over stores, called FOL(Conf);
* Next, an optimization pass removing concatenation of empty bitvectors, returning to FOL(Conf);
* Finally, a compilation to a first-order logic over bitvectors, called FOL(BV).

For an overview of the pipeline, we refer to Figure 5. The generic first-order logic is provided by MirrorSolve, and can be found in `src/theories/FirstOrder.v`; an instantiation also automatically provides a semantics. 

What follows are the pointers to the definitions of the three logics mentioned above, the compilation steps between them, and their soundness theorems.

| Concept                          | Coq definition                           | Filename                               |
|----------------------------------|------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------|
| Simplified TGE                   | `simplified_entailment`                  | `ConfRel.v`                            |
| Compilation of TGE to STGE       | `simplify_entailment`                    | `ConfRel.v`                            |
| Correctness of TGE -> STGE       | `simplify_entailment_correct`            | `ConfRel.v`                            |
| Simplified TGCE                  | `simplified_entailment'`                 | `ConfRel.v`                            |
| Comp. of TGCE to STGCE           | `simplify_entailment'`                   | `ConfRel.v`                            |
| Corr. of TGCE -> STGCE           | `simplify_entailment_correct'`           | `ConfRel.v`                            |
| FOL(Conf) instantiation          | `fm_model`                               | `FirstOrderConfRelSimplified.v`        |
| Comp. STGE to FOL(Conf)          | `compile_simplified_entailment`          | `CompileConfRelSimplified.v`           | 
| Corr. STGE -> FOL(Conf)          | `compile_simplified_entailment_correct`  | `CompileConfRelSimplified.v`           |
| Comp. STCGE to FOL(Conf)         | `compile_simplified_entailment'`         | `CompileConfRelSimplified.v`           | 
| Corr. STCGE -> FOL(Conf)         | `compile_simplified_entailment_correct'` | `CompileConfRelSimplified.v`           |
| Remove zero-concatenation        | `simplify_concat_zero_fm`                | `FirstOrderConfRelSimplified.v`        |
| Corr. zero-concatenation removal | `simplify_concat_zero_fm_corr`           | `FirstOrderConfRelSimplified.v`        |
| FOL(BV) instantiation            | `fm_model`                               | `FirstOrderBitVec.v`                   |
| Comp. FOL(Conf) -> FOL(BV)       | `compile_fm`                             | `CompileFirstOrderConfRelSimplified.v` |
| Corr. FOL(Conf) -> FOL(BV)       | `compile_simplified_fm_bv_correct`       | `CompileFirstOrderConfRelSimplified.v` |

### Equivalence checking

The optimized implementation of the algorithm (in LTac) and the elements of its correctness break down as follows.

| Concept                                  | Coq definition                       | Filename                        |
|------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------|---------------------------------|
| Bisimulation (Sec. 4.1)                  | `bisimulation`                       | `Bisimulations/Semantic.v`      |
| Bisimilarity vs. lang. equiv. (Lem. 4.5) | `bisimilar_iff_lang_equiv`           | `Bisimulations/Semantic.v`      |
| Bisimilarity with leaps (Def. 5.4)       | `bisimilar_with_leaps`               | `Bisimulations/Leaps.v`         |
| Correctness of leaps (Lem. 5.6)          | `bisimilar_iff_bisimilar_with_leaps` | `Bisimulations/LeapsProofs.v`   |
| Executions of Algorithm 1                | `pre_bisimulation`                   | `Bisimulations/WPLeaps.v`       |
| Soundness of Algorithm 1                 | `wp_leaps_implies_bisim_leaps`       | `Bisimulations/WPLeapsProofs.v` |
| Calculation of I (Thm. 5.2)              | `init_bisim`                         | `BisimChecker.v`                |
| Main algorithm loop (Alg. 1, line 2-6)   | `run_bisim_axiom/run_bisim_admit`    | `BisimChecker.v`                |
| Final check (Alg. 1, line 7)             | `close_bisim_axiom/close_bisim_admit`| `BisimChecker.v`                |
| Algorithm 1, optimized                   | `solve_lang_equiv_state_*`           | `BisimChecker.v`                |

Commit message:

Fix X11 bridge, add Coqide instructions.

README.md, after:

# Leapfrog

This is the artifact accompanying the paper "Leapfrog: Certified Equivalence for Protocol Parsers", to appear at [PLDI 2022](https://pldi22.sigplan.org/).

## Hardware requirements

To build Leapfrog and run the benchmarks in the "small" collection, 8GB of RAM is sufficient. The larger benchmarks may require significantly more RAM -- we conducted experiments on a machine with 500GB of RAM. 

## Installation instructions

There are two ways to get Leapfrog running.

### Option 1: Installation inside Docker

The easiest way to run Leapfrog is to run it inside the provided Docker container. To do this, you will need Docker version 20.10.12 or newer, which should be available through your system's package manager.

If you are running Docker on Linux, we recommend running in [root-less mode](https://docs.docker.com/engine/security/rootless/). Alternatively, you may add your user to the `docker` group in order to get access to the Docker daemon, but please be aware of the following:
1. Adding yourself to the `docker` group exposes you to certain security risks --- i.e., anyone in the `docker` group is essentially a password-less `root` user.
2. The container will mount the local directory. Since the user inside of the container is `root`, this may create `root`-owned files in your local directory as well.

Once you have Docker set up, type `make container`. When the container is built, you should be able to run `make shell` to start a shell inside the container, where you can run `make` to build Leapfrog.

### Option 2: Manual installation
Leapfrog relies on the following packages:

* GNU Make, version 4.3 or later
* CVC4, version 1.8 or later
* Z3, version 4.8.14 or later
* Dune, version 2.2 or later.
* OCaml, version 4.11.1 or later
* OPAM, version 2.0.8 or later.
* Coq, version 8.13.2
* Equations (Coq plugin), version 1.3~beta1+8.13
* [MirrorSolve](https://github.com/jsarracino/mirrorsolve) (Coq plugin), tag `pldi22-artifact` 

#### System-level software packages

To install Make, CVC4, Z3, Dune and OPAM on Ubuntu, run the following:

```
sudo apt install build-essential cvc4 z3 dune opam ocaml
```

#### Packages installed through OPAM

To install Coq and Equations through OPAM, first create a new switch --- possibly substituting your version of the OCaml compiler:

```
opam switch create leapfrog ocaml-system.4.11.1
```

Next, add the Coq OPAM repository:

```
opam repo add coq-released https://coq.inria.fr/opam/released
```

Finally, update the OPAM state, and install the required versions of Coq and Equations:

```
opam update
opam install coq=8.13.2 coq-equations=1.3~beta1+8.13
```

#### Installing MirrorSolve

The MirrorSolve source code can be obtained using Git, as follows:

```
git clone https://github.com/jsarracino/mirrorsolve -b pldi22-artifact
```

To build and install the plugin, run the following inside the `mirrorsolve` directory:

```
dune build
dune install
```

#### Building Leapfrog

Finally, you can build Leapfrog by running `make` inside the main source directory.

## Benchmarks

Leapfrog comes with several benchmarks, divided into "small" and "large" based on the resources required to run them (see "Hardware Requirements" above). They are all located under `lib/Benchmarks`. Each of these is divided into a file containing the declaration of the P4 automata (e.g., `SmallFilter.v`) and a file invoking the Leapfrog equivalence checking scripts (e.g., `SmallFilterProof.v`). 

### Files for each benchmark

The mapping between the benchmarks in the paper (Table 2) and the development is as follows.

| Paper name              | Automaton definition                                | Proof file                                             |
|-------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------|
| State Rearrangement     | `Ethernet.v`                                        | `EthernetProof.v`                                      |
| Header initialization   | `SelfComparison.v`                                  | `SelfComparisonProof.v`                                |
| Speculative loop        | `MPLSVectorized.v`                                  | `MPLSVectorizedProof.v`                                |
| Relational verification | `SloppyStrict.v`                                    | `SloppyStrictProof.v` (`prebisim_sloppystrict_stores`) |
| External filtering      | `SloppyStrict.v`                                    | `SloppySTrictProof.v` (`prebisim_sloppystrict`)        |
| Variable-length parsing | `IPOptions3.v` (`IPOptionsRef63`,`TimeStampSpec3`)  | `IPOptions3Proof.v`                                    |
| Edge                    | `Edge.v`                                            | `EdgeSelfProof.v`                                      |
| Service Provider        | `ServiceProvider.v`                                 | `ServiceProviderTransProof.v`                          |
| Datacenter              | `DataCenter.v`                                      | `DataCenterSelfProof.v`                                |
| Enterprise              | `Enterprise.v`                                      | `EnterpriseSelfProof.v`                                |
| Translation Validation  | `Edge.v`                                            | `EdgeTransProof.v`                                     |

Of these, the first half ("State Rearrangement" through "External Filtering") are classified as "small" benchmarks, while the rest are "large".

### Running the benchmark script

We have provided a benchmark script in the `benchmarking` folder at the top level. To bootstrap the environment, enter the directory and run

```
pipenv install
pipenv shell
```

This should drop you in a shell that has all the required Python packages. To run the "small" (respectively "large") suite of benchmarks, invoke

```
python runner.py --size small  # respectively large
```

This should output the logs of the benchmarks, including performance statistics, into `benchmarking/logs`.

### Running the benchmarks interactively

If you've built everything locally, you should be able to open the benchmark files in `lib/Benchmarks` in your favorite Coq editor, and step through the proofs.

If you've built the Docker image, you may need to set up your editor inside of the container first. The user `opam` is a password-less sudoer, so you should be able to invoke `apt` and install what you need. For your convenience, the Docker image also provides a pre-installed version of Coqide. If your host OS is Linux, you should be able to run the following:

```
make shell-gui
# inside the container shell
eval $(opam env)
make -B _CoqProject
coqide
```

Note that the `make shell-gui` starts a root prompt inside the container, which is necessary for it to have access to your local `.Xauthority` file.

## Code overview

The code of Leapfrog itself lives under `lib/`. What folows is an extensive but perhaps not exhaustive overview of the development in relation to the concepts from the paper.

### Syntax and semantics

Concepts from the parser language syntax and semantics described in Section 3 map to Coq definitions as follows:

| Concept                           | Coq definition              | Filename        |
|-----------------------------------|-----------------------------|-----------------|
| Expression syntax (Fig. 2)        | `expr`                      | `Syntax.v`      |
| Operation syntax (Fig. 2)         | `op`                        | `Syntax.v`      |
| Pattern syntax (Fig. 2)           | `pat`                       | `Syntax.v`      |
| Transition syntax (Fig. 2)        | `transition`                | `Syntax.v`      |
| State syntax (Fig. 2)             | `state`                     | `Syntax.v`      |
| P4 automata syntax (Fig. 2)       | `t`                         | `Syntax.v`      |
| Expression semantics (Def. 3.1)   | `eval_expr`                 | `Syntax.v`      |
| Operation size (Def. 3.2)         | `op_size`                   | `Syntax.v`      |
| Operation semantics (Def. 3.2)    | `eval_op`                   | `Syntax.v`      |
| Pattern semantics (Def. 3.3)      | `match_pat`                 | `Syntax.v`      |
| Transition semantics (Def. 3.3)   | `eval_trans` and `eval_sel` | `Syntax.v`      |
| Configurations (Def. 3.4)         | `configuration`             | `P4automaton.v` |
| Configuration dynamics (Def. 3.5) | `step`                      | `P4automaton.v` |
| Multi-step dynamics (Def. 3.6)    | `follow`                    | `P4automaton.v` |
| Language (Def. 3.6)               | `accepted`                  | `P4automaton.v` |

### Symbolic relations and weakest preconditions

These are the formalizations of the symbolic relations on configurations, and the weakest precondition calculations on them. 

Some concepts, for the sake of brevity:
* A "template-guarded formula" (TGF) is a formula of the form defined in Def. 4.7;
* A "template-guarded clause" (TGC) is understood to be a conjunction of TGFs (denoted `/\ R` in the paper);
* A "template-guarded entailment" (TPE) is an entailment between a TGC and a TGF (denoted `/\ R |= phi`)
* A "template-guarded co-entailment" (TPCE) is an entailment between a TGF and a TGC (denoted `phi |= /\ R`)

All of these are instantiations of the more general syntax for formulas in Figure 3, and derive their semantics as in the general semantics of this syntax.

| Concept                                 | Coq definition       | Filename     |
|-----------------------------------------|----------------------|--------------|
| Bitvector expr. syntax (Figure 3)       | `bit_expr`           | `ConfRel.v`  |
| Bitvector expr. semantics (Def. 4.3)    | `interp_bit_expr`    | `ConfRel.v`  |
| Template syntax (Definition 4.7)        | `state_template`     | `ConfRel.v`  |
| Pure formula syntax (Def. 4.7, Fig. 3)  | `store_rel`          | `ConfRel.v`  |
| Pure formula semantics (Def. 4.3)       | `interp_store_rel`   | `ConfRel.v`  |
| TGF syntax (Def 4.7)                    | `conf_rel`           | `ConfRel.v`  |
| TGF semantics (Def 4.3)                 | `interp_conf_rel`    | `ConfRel.v`  |
| TGC syntax                              | `crel`               | `ConfRel.v`  |
| TGC semantics (Def 4.3)                 | `interp_crel`        | `ConfRel.v`  |
| TGE syntax                              | `entailment`         | `ConfRel.v`  |
| TGE semantics (Def 4.3)                 | `interp_entailment`  | `ConfRel.v`  |
| TGCE syntax                             | `entailment'`        | `ConfRel.v`  |
| TGCE semantics (Def 4.3)                | `interp_entailment'` | `ConfRel.v`  |
| WP^{<,>} definition (Sec. 4.3)          | `wp_lpred`           | `WP.v`       |
| WP^{<,>} soundness (Lem. 4.8)           | `wp_lpred_pair_safe` | `WPProofs.v` |
| WP definition (Lem. 4.9)                | `wp`                 | `WP.v`       |
| WP soundness (Lem. 4.9)                 | `wp_safe`            | `WPProofs.v` |

Note that our verified statements about the WP operator pertain to its _soundness_, i.e., whether the returned condition truly is a precondition, not its _completeness_, i.e., whether it gives the weakest precondition --- see also Section 6.4 of the paper.

### Formula compilation pipeline

Our algorithm lowers the symbolic relations represented using `conf_rel`:
* First, a compilation to "simplified TGE/TGCE", also called SGTE/STCGE;
* Then, a compilation to a first-order logic over stores, called FOL(Conf);
* Next, an optimization pass removing concatenation of empty bitvectors, returning to FOL(Conf);
* Finally, a compilation to a first-order logic over bitvectors, called FOL(BV).

For an overview of the pipeline, we refer to Figure 5. The generic first-order logic is provided by MirrorSolve, and can be found in `src/theories/FirstOrder.v`; an instantiation also automatically provides a semantics. 

What follows are the pointers to the definitions of the three logics mentioned above, the compilation steps between them, and their soundness theorems.

| Concept                          | Coq definition                           | Filename                               |
|----------------------------------|------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------|
| Simplified TGE                   | `simplified_entailment`                  | `ConfRel.v`                            |
| Compilation of TGE to STGE       | `simplify_entailment`                    | `ConfRel.v`                            |
| Correctness of TGE -> STGE       | `simplify_entailment_correct`            | `ConfRel.v`                            |
| Simplified TGCE                  | `simplified_entailment'`                 | `ConfRel.v`                            |
| Comp. of TGCE to STGCE           | `simplify_entailment'`                   | `ConfRel.v`                            |
| Corr. of TGCE -> STGCE           | `simplify_entailment_correct'`           | `ConfRel.v`                            |
| FOL(Conf) instantiation          | `fm_model`                               | `FirstOrderConfRelSimplified.v`        |
| Comp. STGE to FOL(Conf)          | `compile_simplified_entailment`          | `CompileConfRelSimplified.v`           | 
| Corr. STGE -> FOL(Conf)          | `compile_simplified_entailment_correct`  | `CompileConfRelSimplified.v`           |
| Comp. STCGE to FOL(Conf)         | `compile_simplified_entailment'`         | `CompileConfRelSimplified.v`           | 
| Corr. STCGE -> FOL(Conf)         | `compile_simplified_entailment_correct'` | `CompileConfRelSimplified.v`           |
| Remove zero-concatenation        | `simplify_concat_zero_fm`                | `FirstOrderConfRelSimplified.v`        |
| Corr. zero-concatenation removal | `simplify_concat_zero_fm_corr`           | `FirstOrderConfRelSimplified.v`        |
| FOL(BV) instantiation            | `fm_model`                               | `FirstOrderBitVec.v`                   |
| Comp. FOL(Conf) -> FOL(BV)       | `compile_fm`                             | `CompileFirstOrderConfRelSimplified.v` |
| Corr. FOL(Conf) -> FOL(BV)       | `compile_simplified_fm_bv_correct`       | `CompileFirstOrderConfRelSimplified.v` |

### Equivalence checking

The optimized implementation of the algorithm (in LTac) and the elements of its correctness break down as follows.

| Concept                                  | Coq definition                       | Filename                        |
|------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------|---------------------------------|
| Bisimulation (Sec. 4.1)                  | `bisimulation`                       | `Bisimulations/Semantic.v`      |
| Bisimilarity vs. lang. equiv. (Lem. 4.5) | `bisimilar_iff_lang_equiv`           | `Bisimulations/Semantic.v`      |
| Bisimilarity with leaps (Def. 5.4)       | `bisimilar_with_leaps`               | `Bisimulations/Leaps.v`         |
| Correctness of leaps (Lem. 5.6)          | `bisimilar_iff_bisimilar_with_leaps` | `Bisimulations/LeapsProofs.v`   |
| Executions of Algorithm 1                | `pre_bisimulation`                   | `Bisimulations/WPLeaps.v`       |
| Soundness of Algorithm 1                 | `wp_leaps_implies_bisim_leaps`       | `Bisimulations/WPLeapsProofs.v` |
| Calculation of I (Thm. 5.2)              | `init_bisim`                         | `BisimChecker.v`                |
| Main algorithm loop (Alg. 1, line 2-6)   | `run_bisim_axiom/run_bisim_admit`    | `BisimChecker.v`                |
| Final check (Alg. 1, line 7)             | `close_bisim_axiom/close_bisim_admit`| `BisimChecker.v`                |
| Algorithm 1, optimized                   | `solve_lang_equiv_state_*`           | `BisimChecker.v`                |
